# Content:

- [What is DomiScan](#DomiScan)
- [Origins](#Origin)
- [Problem](#Problem)
- [Features](#Features)
- [Download the App](#Download)

# <a name="DomiScan"></a> What is DomiScan

The most popular game in the Dominican Republic has an app that can keep track of the players' scores and sum them up for you!

# <a name="Origin"></a> Origins

In the Dominican Republic, many families and friends gather together on weekends to relax and loss the stress generated by work and life landing at a squared table; four chairs and a box of good old dominoes.

The word DomiScan has two meanings:

- The first part, "Domi", has two meanings: etnicity and purpose. Domi refers to the Dominican Republic, a country that loves to play Dominoes. And, the second meaning refers to the game of Dominoes.

- The second part, "Scan", refers to a technical feature of the game. Instead of counting the resulting Dominoes from a match, we will use our phone's camera to scan the dominoes and let the app do all the counting for the players.

# <a name="Problem"></a> Problem

There is one process during the game that takes a lot of time and it can be misleading due to the people that count points usually are euphoric and pressure to count fast. Here is where DomiScan play its role, it would scan the dominos and count on behalf of the players, faciliting and quicken the counting process.

# <a name="Features"></a> Features

- [x] Keep track of players' scores :notebook:
- [x] Sum the resulting Dominoes :iphone:
- [x] Place result in correct player :heavy_check_mark:

# <a name="Download"></a> Download the App

Working on it...
